Improve customer label in filter and show customer email in order datagrid (#4974)
saleor/saleor-dashboard: .changeset/moody-ties-compare.md

---
"saleor-dashboard": patch
---

> You can now see Customer email label in order list filters. Show customer email in order list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now see the Customer email label in order list filters. The customer email is displayed in the order list.
```
